well howdy there in a boobie lisboa
again let me start off by saying that
tonight after the normal sign-off I'm
going to answer a few questions about
the channel about the platform so if you
want to stick around for that but
tonight we're going to talk about being
edgy and offending people because I got
a question asking me if I was going to
change my speech now the Democratic
candidates have started corseting
there's no no I have no desire to do
that I want to reach as many people as
possible with thought and provoke as
much thought as possible I think my
current speech or the lack of certain
kinds of speech is helpful to that so I
have no no desire to change I actually
think the Democrats are making a mistake
the idea in theory should be to
eliminate the Trump effect not
reincarnated I want to reach people with
thought I want to provoke thought not
because I said something offensive or
edgy or you know shocking and so not
what I want to do when you go down that
road you end up getting edgy or an
edgier until you're saying things you
don't even really believe and I don't
want to do that I don't want those
clicks I don't want those views to be
completely honest I have no desire to
offend people for no reason and I know
somebody out there right now it's going
well it's not your fault if you say
something and people get offended they
need to be in control of their own
emotions mm-hmm I hear that a lot
I don't know that that's true I don't
know that that's true I mean sure you
can say something unintentionally
offensive if you don't know if you don't
know you can do that but if you do know
you're making a conscious choice you're
saying something that you know can be
offensive for whatever reason I don't
know why you would want to do that I
don't know why you would want to offend
people you don't know being edgy is not
a substitute for having a personality
but you can I guess at times FNP
unintentionally in fact I'll give you an
example recently there was an incident
on Twitter involving a YouTube creator
contra points and you know I'm reading
her tweet and I'm like my read of this
is not matching the reaction but I don't
know this community I don't know the ins
and outs of this community that was I
reached out to somebody else because
that sent off warning bells you know and
I'm like this is my read on this am i
close am I missing something and they're
like you're not even close yeah you're
nowhere near close and then they broke
it down for me oh my god okay so I
didn't make a comment I mean that's all
it takes is that extra little step and
you can avoid pumps before they start
now that I've said this I'm sure
somebody's gonna ask my opinion my
opinion is that the one thing that
conversation does not need is the
opinion of the straight white guy that
didn't understand the conversation to
begin with I don't see how I can add
anything of value to that discussion but
all it takes is a little bit of common
courtesy you know I've never understood
the desire to say something offensive
just for being just for the sake of
being offensive it doesn't make sense to
me
I don't know what you would have against
people you don't know other than your
own bigotry in which case if that's why
you're saying it then it is your fault
it's completely your fault it was
intentional you set out to do it
and in most cases if you're not sure you
don't understand something you can reach
out pretty quickly and you'll learn
something in the process it's almost
always better to be nice anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night
now if you're sticking around for the
questions the first question is you hit
the goal on patreon today when does the
podcast start three weeks ago I've
apparently not done a good job of
advertising act the first few episodes
are reruns there we've stripped the
audio from some of the are the older
videos so the podcast community can get
to know me from the beginning because
the podcast community and the YouTube
community and the Facebook community
they're not all the same there's some
overlap but they're different people and
this will help them get to know me from
the beginning so it will be an older
video the audio from an older video with
a little bit of additional commentary
thrown in we've already had a few
questions about asking for transcripts
eventually I'm gonna need I'm gonna need
to get somebody in here to help me first
so that that that will happen but it
will be a while the next question I've
had this ask three different ways this
this topic has come up in three
different ways one is people asking me
to do it one is people offering me the
opportunity to do it and one is people
telling me I would be a sellout if I
ever did it and basically so will I ever
do sponsored videos on YouTube do like
product reviews and stuff like that when
the channel crossed a hundred thousand
subscribers we started getting offers
I've seen like two hundred of these
opportunities I have done zero that
doesn't mean I wouldn't ever do it it
just means that it would have to be
extremely organic it would have to fit
in
to what we normally talk about on this
channel out of all of those I replied to
one and it's a company that has grow
like croquettes you know we talk about
food not law and self-reliance planting
fruit trees that kind of stuff when it
comes up
one of the main comments and one of the
main obstacles people face is they don't
have room or they don't have a yard so
if this company wanted to send me that
thing you have me you know set it up and
put it back there so you guys could see
it work I would probably do that but it
would have to directly fit with what we
normally talk about on the channel so
you can stop sending me offers to
represent your dating app and I promise
you if I ever do it I will tell you flat
out you know hey this company wanted me
to do this there will be no no surprises
on that front the only exception to it
being organic it would have to be
something ridiculous you know if Jeep
called me up tomorrow it's like hey
we're gonna give you a new gladiator if
you make a video about it you can bet
you would see my fat rear sittin in that
driver's seat but it would have to be
something like that and then the last
question is about going on the road and
are we going to yeah
it's planned we're setting up little
workshops here in the south to help
people build community networks and then
hopefully if everything goes according
to plan next summer we will go on the
road and we will do the same thing help
people set up community networks to do
little events film them put them online
so everybody can learn from other people
doing the same thing they are anyway so
there you go man it feels weird not
ending this by saying it's just a fall
y'all have a good night
[Music]